Who let you in?
Fei Ge caught him
He stole your computer data
Phineas
I don't want to see such an embarrassing scene.
The team leader sent me to get the information
If you don't believe me, you can ask him.
Damn want to kill me
Do you know whose territory this is?
Brother Fei, I'm really here to help you make money.
I don't need to hurt you.
Hahahaha
Oops Ah Fei
You are really in trouble now
Shot from left to right
Why don't you beg me
I told the company to get you a private jet.
Let's send you to Africa to escape the limelight
Ah!
This is a Swiss bank platinum card.
All my belongings are in the safe at the bank
You want to give it to me?
Do I still have someone I can trust?
I'm trying to figure out a way to put this down
The Lin family has a great career
It's a global power.
I can't escape him this time
Luckily save a life
Wait for me to come back
I will marry you
Stop talking, you erhu, go out
You should know where Luna is, right?